boilerplates-and-starter-kits.md, before:

### Boilerplates and Starter Kits

- **React-Redux Universal Hot Example**  
  https://github.com/erikras/react-redux-universal-hot-example  
  Has the kitchen sink, and more.  Popular, but maybe too many things stuffed into one repo.
  
- **React-Redux Starter Kit**  
  https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit  
  Very widely recommended.  Well laid out, good documentation.  Definitely worth looking at.  v0.18 uses Babel 5, v1.0 uses Babel 6.
  
- **Simple Redux Boilerplate**  
  https://github.com/tsaiDavid/simple-redux-boilerplate  
  Excellent example.  Includes enough to be useful, but not too many dependencies so it's confusing.
  
- **Web-App**  
  https://github.com/cesarandreu/web-app  
  Another very good learning resource.  Heavily commented Webpack config, good default settings.
  
- **Ultimate Hot-Reloading Example**  
  https://github.com/glenjamin/ultimate-hot-reloading-example  
  Demonstrates hot-reloading of pretty much everything, both client-side and server-side
  
- **React Starter Kit**  
  https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit  
  A full-featured universal/isomorphic starter kit, with good documentation
  
- **React Slingshot**  
  https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot  
  A flexible starter kit designed to illustrate best practices.

- **Universal-JS**  
  https://github.com/colinmeinke/universal-js
  A well-written universal starter with docs explaining choices, and plenty of example tests.

Commit message:

added link to boilerplate starter kit search tool
by https://github.com/ahfarmer

boilerplates-and-starter-kits.md, after:

### Boilerplates and Starter Kits

- **React Starter Project Search Tool**  
  http://andrewhfarmer.com/starter-project/  
  Search for starter kits with/without specific libraries and sort by GitHub stars, number of dependencies, or recently updated.

- **React-Redux Universal Hot Example**  
  https://github.com/erikras/react-redux-universal-hot-example  
  Has the kitchen sink, and more.  Popular, but maybe too many things stuffed into one repo.
  
- **React-Redux Starter Kit**  
  https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit  
  Very widely recommended.  Well laid out, good documentation.  Definitely worth looking at.  v0.18 uses Babel 5, v1.0 uses Babel 6.
  
- **Simple Redux Boilerplate**  
  https://github.com/tsaiDavid/simple-redux-boilerplate  
  Excellent example.  Includes enough to be useful, but not too many dependencies so it's confusing.
  
- **Web-App**  
  https://github.com/cesarandreu/web-app  
  Another very good learning resource.  Heavily commented Webpack config, good default settings.
  
- **Ultimate Hot-Reloading Example**  
  https://github.com/glenjamin/ultimate-hot-reloading-example  
  Demonstrates hot-reloading of pretty much everything, both client-side and server-side
  
- **React Starter Kit**  
  https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit  
  A full-featured universal/isomorphic starter kit, with good documentation
  
- **React Slingshot**  
  https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot  
  A flexible starter kit designed to illustrate best practices.

- **Universal-JS**  
  https://github.com/colinmeinke/universal-js
  A well-written universal starter with docs explaining choices, and plenty of example tests.
