functional-programming.md, before:

### Functional Programming

 - **The Little Idea of Functional Programming**  
   http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/13/functional-programming-little-ideas/  
   Describes the three basic principles of FP: "data in/data out", "code as data", and "function composition" all the way down, and demonstrates transforming some data.  Has some _very_ helpful graphics and illustrations.
   
- **Understanding Programmatic Side Effects**  
  http://web24studios.com/2015/10/understanding-programmatic-side-effects/  
  A short article that explains the concept of "side effects"
  
 - **What Is Functional Programming?**  
   http://blog.jenkster.com/2015/12/what-is-functional-programming.html  
   Describes how side effects and "hidden inputs" add complexity to code, in very clear terms.

- **Getting Functional with Javascript**  
  http://www.datchley.name/getting-functional-with-javascript-part-1/  
  http://www.datchley.name/getting-functional-with-javascript-part-2/  
  http://www.datchley.name/getting-functional-with-javascript-part-3/  
  Demonstrates FP concepts by showing how to filter, group, and sort an array of data.  Lots of good descriptions, samples, and explanations.

- **Functional Programming for Javascript People**  
  https://medium.com/@chetcorcos/functional-programming-for-javascript-people-1915d8775504  
  Tries to explain core FP concepts and patterns in understandable terms.

- **Functors, Applicatives, and Monads in Pictures**  
  http://adit.io/posts/2013-04-17-functors,_applicatives,_and_monads_in_pictures.html  
  A long article that tries to describe several FP terms using lots of cartoons.

- **Introduction to Immutable.js and Functional Programming Concepts**  
  https://auth0.com/blog/2016/03/23/intro-to-immutable-js/  
  Covers the benefits of using immutable data, pure functions, and other FP concepts, and how those related to Immutable.js.
  
- **Practical Intro to Monads in Javascript**  
  http://tech.evojam.com/2016/02/22/practical-intro-to-monads-in-javascript/  
  http://tech.evojam.com/2016/03/21/practical-intro-to-monads-in-javascript-either/  
  An attempt to describe monads aimed at developers and engineers.
  
- **A Gentle Introduction to Functional Javascript**  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-intro/  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-arrays/  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-functions/  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-style/  
  Goes through a number of FP-related aspects in Javascript.

- **Professor Frisby's Mostly Adequate Guide to Functional Programming**  
  https://drboolean.gitbooks.io/mostly-adequate-guide/content/  
  A long (and still growing) online book covering functional topics.  Starts fairly simple, definitely gets more complex in later chapters.
  
- **Functional Thinking**  
  http://nealford.com/functionalthinking.html  
  An extended series of articles collected together.  Aimed at Java/JVM programmers, and makes a number of comparisons of OOP vs FP.

- **Functional Programing in Javascript**  
  http://reactivex.io/learnrx/  
  Teaches functional programming concepts through a series of interactive exercises.  Intended as a precursor to learning the Reactive Extensions for Javascript library (RxJS), but uses plain JS and teaches general concepts in the process.  (Later exercises are hidden until earlier ones are completed - hit "Show Answer" and "Run" on an exercise if you want to skip ahead).
  
- **The "Thinking Functionally" series**  
  http://fsharpforfunandprofit.com/series/thinking-functionally.html  
  A series of lessons teaching functional concepts using F#.  Very well written, clear and easy to understand.  Examples use F#, but concepts are widely applicable.

Commit message:

Add "Imperative to Functional" link

functional-programming.md, after:

### Functional Programming

 - **The Little Idea of Functional Programming**  
   http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/13/functional-programming-little-ideas/  
   Describes the three basic principles of FP: "data in/data out", "code as data", and "function composition" all the way down, and demonstrates transforming some data.  Has some _very_ helpful graphics and illustrations.
   
- **Understanding Programmatic Side Effects**  
  http://web24studios.com/2015/10/understanding-programmatic-side-effects/  
  A short article that explains the concept of "side effects"
  
- **What Is Functional Programming?**  
  http://blog.jenkster.com/2015/12/what-is-functional-programming.html  
  Describes how side effects and "hidden inputs" add complexity to code, in very clear terms.

- **Getting Functional with Javascript**  
  http://www.datchley.name/getting-functional-with-javascript-part-1/  
  http://www.datchley.name/getting-functional-with-javascript-part-2/  
  http://www.datchley.name/getting-functional-with-javascript-part-3/  
  Demonstrates FP concepts by showing how to filter, group, and sort an array of data.  Lots of good descriptions, samples, and explanations.

- **Functional Programming for Javascript People**  
  https://medium.com/@chetcorcos/functional-programming-for-javascript-people-1915d8775504  
  Tries to explain core FP concepts and patterns in understandable terms.

- **Functors, Applicatives, and Monads in Pictures**  
  http://adit.io/posts/2013-04-17-functors,_applicatives,_and_monads_in_pictures.html  
  A long article that tries to describe several FP terms using lots of cartoons.

- **Introduction to Immutable.js and Functional Programming Concepts**  
  https://auth0.com/blog/2016/03/23/intro-to-immutable-js/  
  Covers the benefits of using immutable data, pure functions, and other FP concepts, and how those related to Immutable.js.
  
- **Practical Intro to Monads in Javascript**  
  http://tech.evojam.com/2016/02/22/practical-intro-to-monads-in-javascript/  
  http://tech.evojam.com/2016/03/21/practical-intro-to-monads-in-javascript-either/  
  An attempt to describe monads aimed at developers and engineers.
  
- **A Gentle Introduction to Functional Javascript**  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-intro/  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-arrays/  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-functions/  
  http://jrsinclair.com/articles/2016/gentle-introduction-to-functional-javascript-style/  
  Goes through a number of FP-related aspects in Javascript.

- **Professor Frisby's Mostly Adequate Guide to Functional Programming**  
  https://drboolean.gitbooks.io/mostly-adequate-guide/content/  
  A long (and still growing) online book covering functional topics.  Starts fairly simple, definitely gets more complex in later chapters.
  
- **Functional Thinking**  
  http://nealford.com/functionalthinking.html  
  An extended series of articles collected together.  Aimed at Java/JVM programmers, and makes a number of comparisons of OOP vs FP.

- **Functional Programing in Javascript**  
  http://reactivex.io/learnrx/  
  Teaches functional programming concepts through a series of interactive exercises.  Intended as a precursor to learning the Reactive Extensions for Javascript library (RxJS), but uses plain JS and teaches general concepts in the process.  (Later exercises are hidden until earlier ones are completed - hit "Show Answer" and "Run" on an exercise if you want to skip ahead).
  
- **The "Thinking Functionally" series**  
  http://fsharpforfunandprofit.com/series/thinking-functionally.html  
  A series of lessons teaching functional concepts using F#.  Very well written, clear and easy to understand.  Examples use F#, but concepts are widely applicable.

- **Imperative to Functional Programming Succinctly**
  https://www.syncfusion.com/resources/techportal/details/ebooks/imperative  
  A short ebook covering many functional concepts.
