immutable-data.md, before:

### Immutable Data


#### Basic Concepts
- **Immutability in Javascript**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-javascript/  
  Covers the basic concepts of immutable data in Javascript

- **Immutable Data Structures and Javascript**  
  http://jlongster.com/Using-Immutable-Data-Structures-in-JavaScript  
  In-depth article covering the value of immutable data, and two common JS libraries

- **Immutable Javascript using ES6 and Beyond**  
  http://wecodetheweb.com/2016/02/12/immutable-javascript-using-es6-and-beyond/  
  Describes ways to handle data immutably using "just" built-in Javascript functions
  
- **Immutability is Not Enough**  
  https://codewords.recurse.com/issues/six/immutability-is-not-enough  
  A look at how using an immutable data approach doesn't magically prevent all bugs.



#### Immutability and React

- **Immutability in React**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-react/  
  Covers the reasons and basic concepts of using immutable data with React
  
- **Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/  
  Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use it with React, and pros and cons of using it
  
- **Why Should I Care About Immutable Data In React?**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2903-why-should-i-care-about-immutable-data-in-reactjs.htm  
  Describes the major benefits of using immutable data in React, with a demo

- **Short-Circuiting Component Updates in React**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2904-shouldcomponentupdate-will-short-circuit-an-entire-subtree-of-components-in-reactjs.htm  
  Walks through how to optimize React performance by skipping updates for subtrees


#### Immutable Data Libraries

- **List of immutable libraries**  
  https://gist.github.com/jlongster/bce43d9be633da55053f  
  A follow-up to James Longster's article, with pointers to numerous immutable data libraries
  
- **Redux Ecosystem Links: Immutable Data**  
  https://github.com/markerikson/redux-ecosystem-links/blob/master/immutable-data.md  
  A large list of libraries for managing immutable data in Javascript.  Some of them are Redux-specific, but also includes many general-purpose immutable data libraries as well.
  
- **Painless Immutability**  
  https://guigrpa.github.io/2016/06/16/painless-immutability/  
  A somewhat opinionated article from the author of a new immutable data library comparing different options, but still well-written and informative about the pros and cons of each.
  
- **Immutable.js**  
  http://seanamarasinghe.com/developer/immutable-js/  
  An introduction to the API and use cases for Immutable.js

Commit message:

Re-add "Immutability with React" link

immutable-data.md, after:

### Immutable Data


#### Basic Concepts

- **Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/  
  Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use use these concepts with React, and pros and cons of using managing data immutably

- **Immutability in Javascript**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-javascript/  
  Describes a couple basic concepts of immutable data in Javascript, and how the Immutable.js library can be used for those concepts.

- **Immutable Data Structures and Javascript**  
  http://jlongster.com/Using-Immutable-Data-Structures-in-JavaScript  
  In-depth article covering the value of immutable data, and two common JS libraries

- **Immutable Javascript using ES6 and Beyond**  
  http://wecodetheweb.com/2016/02/12/immutable-javascript-using-es6-and-beyond/  
  Describes ways to handle data immutably using "just" built-in Javascript functions
  
- **Immutability is Not Enough**  
  https://codewords.recurse.com/issues/six/immutability-is-not-enough  
  A look at how using an immutable data approach doesn't magically prevent all bugs.



#### Immutability and React

- **Immutability in React**  
  http://www.sitepoint.com/immutability-react/  
  Covers the reasons and basic concepts of using immutable data with React
  
- **Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React**  
  http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/  
  Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use it with React, and pros and cons of using it
  
- **Why Should I Care About Immutable Data In React?**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2903-why-should-i-care-about-immutable-data-in-reactjs.htm  
  Describes the major benefits of using immutable data in React, with a demo

- **Short-Circuiting Component Updates in React**  
  http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2904-shouldcomponentupdate-will-short-circuit-an-entire-subtree-of-components-in-reactjs.htm  
  Walks through how to optimize React performance by skipping updates for subtrees


#### Immutable Data Libraries

- **List of immutable libraries**  
  https://gist.github.com/jlongster/bce43d9be633da55053f  
  A follow-up to James Longster's article, with pointers to numerous immutable data libraries
  
- **Redux Ecosystem Links: Immutable Data**  
  https://github.com/markerikson/redux-ecosystem-links/blob/master/immutable-data.md  
  A large list of libraries for managing immutable data in Javascript.  Some of them are Redux-specific, but also includes many general-purpose immutable data libraries as well.
  
- **Painless Immutability**  
  https://guigrpa.github.io/2016/06/16/painless-immutability/  
  A somewhat opinionated article from the author of a new immutable data library comparing different options, but still well-written and informative about the pros and cons of each.
  
- **Immutable.js**  
  http://seanamarasinghe.com/developer/immutable-js/  
  An introduction to the API and use cases for Immutable.js
