mobx-tutorials.md, before:

### MobX Tutorials


#### Basic Introductions
- **MobX Docs**  
  https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx  
  https://mobxjs.github.io/mobx/  
  https://mobxjs.github.io/mobx/getting-started.html  
  The official MobX site, with documentation including a getting started introduction and API reference.

- **Getting Started with MobX - Video Series**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q50BXqkAfI  
  A quick two videos introduction to MobX: how to set it up, and get started coding a simple ToDo App.

- **Managing complex state in React with MobX - Video Series**  
  https://egghead.io/courses/manage-complex-state-in-react-apps-with-mobx  
  Videos describing MobX fundamentals including debugging with the MobX-react devtools.

- **Introduction video to MobX with React - Video**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGwuM_u7UeQ  
  In depth introduction to MobX with React including 'Why mobx' (all coded with ES5).

- **React Native with MobX — Getting Started**  
  https://medium.com/@dabit3/react-native-with-mobx-getting-started-ba7e18d8ff44  
  An introduction article about combining MobX and React Native to create a simple list app.
  
- **Real World MobX**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aws40KOx90U  
  A talk by MobX creator Michel Weststrate, describing MobX's concepts and usage

- **MobX First Impressions**  
  https://benmccormick.org/2017/01/09/mobx-first-impressions/  
  A quick introduction to MobX's basic concepts and how it works
  
- **How to Manage your JavaScript Application State with MobX**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/manage-javascript-application-state-mobx/  
  A detailed tutorial that introduces basic MobX usage, using only jQuery for the UI updates
  
- **MobX + React Tutorial: Building your first app**  
  http://orlandohamsho.com/javascript/mobx-react-tutorial-building-first-application/  
  A walkthrough that builds a basic list/detail application, and introduces the basics of MobX along the way.
  

#### Testing

- **Testing React and MobX**  
  https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/how-to-test-react-and-mobx-with-jest  
  A look at ways to test React components and MobX logic
  

#### Other

- **MobX - Like React, but for Data**  
  http://danielearwicker.github.io/MobX_Like_React_but_for_Data.html  
  Thoughts on MobX's core concepts, and how they relate to immutability, derived data, and observables.
  
- **The Fundamental Principles Behind MobX**  
  https://hackernoon.com/the-fundamental-principles-behind-mobx-7a725f71f3e8  
  MobX creator Michel Weststrate discusses MobX's key concepts, including running all updates synchronously, and potential use of Proxies as a future improvement.
  
- **Creating a reusable popver system with React and MobX**  
  https://medium.com/@enitoni/creating-a-reusable-popover-system-with-react-and-mobx-7f47cc3b270d  
  A useful tutorial on implementing a React modal system driven by MobX state
  
- **7 Tips for Using MobX**  
  https://engineering.huiseoul.com/7-tips-of-using-mobx-6ca8c35071dc  
  Some helpful tips for using MobX, including using the right reactions, using reactions with names, using strict mode, and more.
  
- **MobX (with Decorators) in create-react-app**  
  https://www.robinwieruch.de/create-react-app-mobx-decorators/  
  Covers how to use MobX in a CRA project, with and without decorators.
  
- **React Performance and MobX**  
  https://medium.com/workday-engineering/react-performance-and-mobx-b038085ecb72  
  An informative look at how React's rendering process normally occurs, and how use of MobX-React affects React performance.
  

#### MobX and Redux Comparisons

- **"Confused: Redux or MobX?**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/4npzq5/confused_redux_or_mobx/  
  An in-depth thread comparing the two libraries. Includes comments from both Dan Abramov of Redux and Michel Weststrate of MobX describing their libraries, as well a number of other good comparisons.
  
- **Redux or MobX: An attempt to dissolve the confusion**  
  http://www.robinwieruch.de/redux-mobx-confusion/  
  An in-depth comparison of the ideas, concepts, approaches, and use cases for the two state management libraries
  
- **MobX vs Redux: Comparing the Opposing Paradigms**  
  https://youtu.be/76FRrbY18Bs  
  A fantastic presentation by Preethi Kasireddy at ReactConf 2017, comparing the philosophies, concepts, tradeoffs, and use cases for Redux and MobX.
  
- **Redux vs MobX by example**  
  https://hashnode.com/post/redux-vs-mobx-by-example-part-i-intro-and-exploring-redux-cito5m0nn0sssxi53c7zq7jpr  
  https://hashnode.com/post/redux-vs-mobx-by-example-part-ii-the-simplicity-of-mobx-and-conclusion-citpp2tbu003za853ua1tx228  
  Implementation of the same app using both Redux and MobX, and a final comparison of the approaches

- **Comparing MobX and Redux - Video**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83v8cdvGfeA  
  A great video to understand the differences between MobX and Redux.

- **Redux or MobX: What I learned after refactoring a medium-sized React app**  
  https://dannyherran.com/2017/03/react-redux-mobx-takeaways/  
  A useful list of takeaways, pros and cons of each library and the impact on an existing React application.
  
- **Comparing Redux and MobX with two CTOs**  
  https://youtu.be/ZGVwMkrL2n0  
  A recorded presentation of two CTOs comparing several major aspects of React state management with `setState`, MobX, and Redux
  
- **Introduction to Redux and MobX**  
  https://medium.com/@guptagaruda/introduction-to-redux-and-mobx-e6fa98b6479  
  A very nice comparison of the core concepts and benefits for Redux and MobX, with some good diagrams, useful tips, and links to relevant resources.

Commit message:

Restored some links with new URLs

mobx-tutorials.md, after:

### MobX Tutorials


#### Basic Introductions
- **MobX Docs**  
  https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx  
  https://mobxjs.github.io/mobx/  
  https://mobxjs.github.io/mobx/getting-started.html  
  The official MobX site, with documentation including a getting started introduction and API reference.

- **Getting Started with MobX - Video Series**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q50BXqkAfI  
  A quick two videos introduction to MobX: how to set it up, and get started coding a simple ToDo App.

- **Managing complex state in React with MobX - Video Series**  
  https://egghead.io/courses/manage-complex-state-in-react-apps-with-mobx  
  Videos describing MobX fundamentals including debugging with the MobX-react devtools.

- **Introduction video to MobX with React - Video**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGwuM_u7UeQ  
  In depth introduction to MobX with React including 'Why mobx' (all coded with ES5).

- **React Native with MobX — Getting Started**  
  https://medium.com/@dabit3/react-native-with-mobx-getting-started-ba7e18d8ff44  
  An introduction article about combining MobX and React Native to create a simple list app.
  
- **Real World MobX**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aws40KOx90U  
  A talk by MobX creator Michel Weststrate, describing MobX's concepts and usage

- **MobX First Impressions**  
  https://benmccormick.org/2017/01/09/mobx-first-impressions/  
  A quick introduction to MobX's basic concepts and how it works
  
- **How to Manage your JavaScript Application State with MobX**  
  https://www.sitepoint.com/manage-javascript-application-state-mobx/  
  A detailed tutorial that introduces basic MobX usage, using only jQuery for the UI updates
  
- **MobX + React Tutorial: Building your first app**  
  http://orlandohamsho.com/javascript/mobx-react-tutorial-building-first-application/  
  A walkthrough that builds a basic list/detail application, and introduces the basics of MobX along the way.
  

#### Testing

- **Testing React and MobX**  
  https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/how-to-test-react-and-mobx-with-jest  
  A look at ways to test React components and MobX logic
  

#### Other
- **One awkward thing about MobX: Complex Models**  
  https://swizec.com/blog/one-awkward-thing-about-mobx-complex-models/
  Discussion of potential issues when handling complex models, and some possible workarounds.

- **MobX - Like React, but for Data**  
  http://danielearwicker.github.io/MobX_Like_React_but_for_Data.html  
  Thoughts on MobX's core concepts, and how they relate to immutability, derived data, and observables.
  
- **The Fundamental Principles Behind MobX**  
  https://hackernoon.com/the-fundamental-principles-behind-mobx-7a725f71f3e8  
  MobX creator Michel Weststrate discusses MobX's key concepts, including running all updates synchronously, and potential use of Proxies as a future improvement.
  
- **Creating a reusable popver system with React and MobX**  
  https://medium.com/@enitoni/creating-a-reusable-popover-system-with-react-and-mobx-7f47cc3b270d  
  A useful tutorial on implementing a React modal system driven by MobX state
  
- **7 Tips for Using MobX**  
  https://engineering.huiseoul.com/7-tips-of-using-mobx-6ca8c35071dc  
  Some helpful tips for using MobX, including using the right reactions, using reactions with names, using strict mode, and more.
  
- **The Curious Case of Mobx State Tree**  
  https://medium.com/@mweststrate/the-curious-case-of-mobx-state-tree-7b4e22d461f  
  Michel Weststrate, author of MobX, introduces the MobX-State-Tree library, which builds on MobX to add additional useful capabilities.

- **MobX (with Decorators) in create-react-app**  
  https://www.robinwieruch.de/create-react-app-mobx-decorators/  
  Covers how to use MobX in a CRA project, with and without decorators.
  
- **React Performance and MobX**  
  https://medium.com/workday-engineering/react-performance-and-mobx-b038085ecb72  
  An informative look at how React's rendering process normally occurs, and how use of MobX-React affects React performance.
  

#### MobX and Redux Comparisons

- **"Confused: Redux or MobX?**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/4npzq5/confused_redux_or_mobx/  
  An in-depth thread comparing the two libraries. Includes comments from both Dan Abramov of Redux and Michel Weststrate of MobX describing their libraries, as well a number of other good comparisons.
  
- **Redux or MobX: An attempt to dissolve the confusion**  
  http://www.robinwieruch.de/redux-mobx-confusion/  
  An in-depth comparison of the ideas, concepts, approaches, and use cases for the two state management libraries
  
- **MobX vs Redux: Comparing the Opposing Paradigms**  
  https://youtu.be/76FRrbY18Bs  
  A fantastic presentation by Preethi Kasireddy at ReactConf 2017, comparing the philosophies, concepts, tradeoffs, and use cases for Redux and MobX.
  
- **Redux vs MobX by example**  
  https://hashnode.com/post/redux-vs-mobx-by-example-part-i-intro-and-exploring-redux-cito5m0nn0sssxi53c7zq7jpr  
  https://hashnode.com/post/redux-vs-mobx-by-example-part-ii-the-simplicity-of-mobx-and-conclusion-citpp2tbu003za853ua1tx228  
  Implementation of the same app using both Redux and MobX, and a final comparison of the approaches

- **"How does MobX compare with Redux, and which is better for React app development?"**  
  https://hashnode.com/post/how-does-mobx-compare-with-redux-and-which-one-is-better-for-react-app-development-cisrch8eh0030g5532qeds1ja/answer/citq8rptk010cus530wdzdg69  
  An excellent answer comparing the two libraries and their philosophies

- **Comparing MobX and Redux - Video**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83v8cdvGfeA  
  A great video to understand the differences between MobX and Redux.

- **Redux vs MobX**  
  https://medium.com/@himrc/redux-vs-mobx-a42c8950f3  
  Some quick pros and cons of each, links to other discussions, and thoughts on when to use them.

- **Redux or MobX: What I learned after refactoring a medium-sized React app**  
  https://dannyherran.com/2017/03/react-redux-mobx-takeaways/  
  A useful list of takeaways, pros and cons of each library and the impact on an existing React application.
  
- **Comparing Redux and MobX with two CTOs**  
  https://youtu.be/ZGVwMkrL2n0  
  A recorded presentation of two CTOs comparing several major aspects of React state management with `setState`, MobX, and Redux
  
- **Introduction to Redux and MobX**  
  https://medium.com/@guptagaruda/introduction-to-redux-and-mobx-e6fa98b6479  
  A very nice comparison of the core concepts and benefits for Redux and MobX, with some good diagrams, useful tips, and links to relevant resources.
