react-forms.md, before:

### React and Forms

(Note: the "linked state mixin" and "two-way binding" approaches described in some of these articles are still valid, but _mostly_ discouraged at this point.  The more idiomatic approach is "one-way data flow" with "controlled inputs".)


**Related topics**:

- [Redux Techniques: Redux and Forms](redux-techniques.md#redux-and-forms)


#### "Controlled" and "Uncontrolled" Inputs

- **React Docs: Forms**  
  https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/forms.html  
  The React documentation page on forms.  Describes "controlled" and "uncontrolled" form inputs.
  
- **React "controlled" vs "uncontrolled" inputs**  
  https://gist.github.com/markerikson/d71cfc81687f11609d2559e8daee10cc  
  An explanation of the terms "controlled inputs" and "uncontrolled inputs"

- **React Form Components**  
  http://donavon.js.org/react-forms/  
  A look at controlled vs uncontrolled inputs, with a useful note about issues with controlled inputs and certain browsers.
  
- **Uncontrolled components are an anti-pattern**  
  https://medium.com/@jedwards8/uncontrolled-components-are-an-anti-pattern-abbdd86fd39e  
  Argues that uncontrolled components are a bad idea and should be avoided.
  
- **ReactJS and controlled forms**  
  http://leftdevel.com/blog/reactjs-controlled-forms/  
  A look at the difference between controlled and uncontrolled inputs, and some problems that can come from using uncontrolled inputs.
  
- **Managing React Controlled Component State**  
  http://spraso.com/managing-react-controlled-component-state/  
  Some short examples of how to properly manage state for controlled inputs

- **Managing state and controlled form fields with React**  
  https://blog.iansinnott.com/managing-state-and-controlled-form-fields-with-react/  
  Describes the concepts of "controlled" and "uncontrolled" inputs.  
  
- **React Hates me: "Overcontrolled" components**  
  http://www.matthiaslienau.de/blog/2015/4/8/react-hates-me-overcontrolled-components  
  Describes some specific issues with controlled inputs and the preventDefault method
  
- **React.js Forms: Controlled Components**  
  http://lorenstewart.me/2016/10/31/react-js-forms-controlled-components/  
  An excellent article that describes the concept of controlled components, and demonstrates examples of how to interact with different types of form inputs
  
- **Controlled and uncontrolled form inputs in React don't have to be complicated**  
  http://goshakkk.name/controlled-vs-uncontrolled-inputs-react/  
  A great summary of what controlled and uncontrolled inputs are, what each approach looks like, and how to handle values from different types of inputs.
  
- **Controllable React Components**  
  https://speakerdeck.com/lettertwo/controllable-react-components  
  A slideshow discussing how React components can themselves either be controlled or uncontrolled, and introducing a library to help make components controllable.
  
- **Collecting data from a wizard form**  
  https://goshakkk.name/wizard-form-collect-info/  
  Examples of how to handle data management for a multi-step form
  
- **React Forms: Using Refs**  
  https://css-tricks.com/react-forms-using-refs/  
  A quick recap of what "controlled components" are, and some excellent examples of how to use refs to directly access values for different types of inputs in forms
  
- **Understanding your options with forms in React**  
  https://medium.com/@thegreengreek/understanding-your-options-with-forms-in-react-afedc91ebf3e  
  A quick summary of the three major forms approachs (controlled inputs, uncontrolled inputs + refs, uncontrolled inputs + serialization), with code examples for each
  
- **Transitioning from uncontrolled inputs to controlled**  
  https://goshakkk.name/turn-uncontrolled-into-controlled/  
  Explains how to refactor React forms with uncontrolled inputs to use controlled inputs instead.
  
- **Tightly Controlled Textareas - Building solid plain text editors in React**  
  https://hashnode.com/post/tightly-controlled-textareas-building-solid-plain-text-editors-in-react-cj6yvu6yq00cls5wtrbbkw96d  
  A tutorial for implementing controlled behavior for a simple Markdown text editor component, including examples.


#### Form Tutorials and Usage

- **Learn Raw React: Ridiculously Simple Forms**  
  http://jamesknelson.com/learn-raw-react-ridiculously-simple-forms/  
  Covers the basics of implementing form rendering, updates, and validation, in plain JS
  
- **Forms in React and Redux**  
  https://x-team.com/blog/tutorial-forms-in-react-and-redux/  
  Demonstrates building a simple set of wrapper components to manage forms using React and Redux

- **Using React's state to manage data entry**  
  https://medium.com/@adamrackis/using-reacts-state-to-manage-data-entry-ed92e4fd1a42  
  Describes how to manage data for forms using React component state and some wrapper components.
  
- **Handling React Forms with Mobx Observables**  
  https://blog.risingstack.com/handling-react-forms-with-mobx-observables/  
  Some examples of working with forms in React, using MobX for the data management.
  
- **Radio Buttons and Checkboxes in React**  
  http://react.tips/radio-buttons-in-reactjs/  
  http://react.tips/checkboxes-in-react/  
  Tutorials on managing various inputs in forms with React
  
- **Building a Multi-Step Registration Form with React**  
  https://www.viget.com/articles/building-a-multi-step-registration-form-with-react  
  A form example that shows how to track the current form step, render the right form component, and store all the necessary form data
  
- **Making dynamic form inputs with React**  
  https://goshakkk.name/array-form-inputs/  
  Covers how to build a form that can add and remove entries dynamically, with examples.
  
- **How to handle forms with just React**  
  https://medium.com/@everdimension/how-to-handle-forms-with-just-react-ac066c48bd4f  
  Describes a different approach for reading and managing form data, besides the usual "controlled inputs" pattern, based on the Javascript FormData object.
  
- **Should a form for editing update the underlying model?**  
  https://goshakkk.name/react-forms-for-editing/  
  Some quick thoughts on ways to handle tracking data in a form - whether it should be fully controlled by a parent, or accept the initial values and report them when it's submitted.
  
- **Modeling form state in React**  
  http://beautifulcode.1stdibs.com/2017/03/23/react-form-state/  
  Examples of how to structure form state to handle values and validation.  Applicable no matter what state management approach is being used.
  
- **Better Form Management**  
  https://medium.com/@robbiedelavictoria/better-form-management-37c994095b1c  
  A couple useful examples of approaches for simplifying React form handling logic. 
  
- **Forms in React**  
  http://presentations.survivejs.com/forms-in-react/#/  
  Slides for a workshop on approaches for managing forms in React.  Includes summaries of the various major approaches for managing forms, and links to several useful form-related libraries.
  
- **Some Thoughts on Forms in React**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/some-thoughts-on-forms-in-react-9ca2d9078c20  
  An extended look at several form-related concepts, including describing them as "view-driven" vs "model-driven", extracting form management into a Higher-Order Component, adding validation, and more.
  
- **How to Work with Forms, Inputs, and Events in React**  
  https://medium.com/capital-one-developers/how-to-work-with-forms-inputs-and-events-in-react-c337171b923b  
  An excerpt from the book "React Quickly", which gives an overview of the recommended way to use forms in a React app.
  
- **An imperative guide to forms in React**  
  https://blog.logrocket.com/an-imperative-guide-to-forms-in-react-927d9670170a  
  A useful overview of how to work with forms.  Includes several runnable examples, and also looks at how the Formik library can simplify form handling.
  
  
#### Form Validation

- **Form Validation Tutorial with React.js**  
  https://html5hive.org/reactjs-form-validation-tutorial/  
  A good example of setting up form validation in React
  
- **Elegant Form Validation in React**  
  https://spin.atomicobject.com/2016/10/05/form-validation-react/  
  Examples of adding validation to a form

- **Form Validation as a Higher Order Component**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/form-validation-as-a-higher-order-component-pt-1-83ac8fd6c1f0  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/form-validation-as-a-higher-order-component-pt-2-1edb7881870d  
  A 2-part series, demonstrating how to use Ramda and FP approaches to create validation logic
  
- **Form recipe: Conditionally disabling the Submit button**  
  http://goshakkk.name/form-recipe-disable-submit-button-react/  
  Some simple examples of validating data from controlled inputs
  
- **Instant form field validation with React's controlled inputs**  
  https://goshakkk.name/instant-form-fields-validation-react/  
  Examples of how to perform validation during rendering, and immediately show which inputs are invalid
  
- **Really Dumb Form Validation**  
  https://medium.com/@l_e/really-dumb-form-validations-739611d2ffcd  
  Some quick examples of simple but effective form validation handling inside of React components.
  
- **Why not field-level validations?**  
  https://goshakkk.name/y-no-field-level-validations/  
  Thoughts on why it's better to handle validation at the "whole form" level, rather than strictly per-field.
  
- **Validating React forms upon submit**  
  https://goshakkk.name/submit-time-validation-react/  
  Discusses core concepts of validating form inputs, and demonstrates how to handle validations on submit for both uncontrolled and controlled components.
  

#### Other

- **List or Form, why not both? Making a list with a built in editor in React**  
  http://web.archive.org/web/20161214145219/http://thereactionary.net/list-or-form-why-not-both-making-a-list-with-a-built-in-editor-in-react/  
  Builds an example of a list with the ability to do inline editing of items.
  
- **Comparison of form libraries in React**  
  https://codebrahma.com/form-libraries-in-react/  
  A good comparison of several different React/Redux-based form libraries, with code snippets demonstrating usage.
  
- **The Joy of Forms with React and Formik**  
  https://keyholesoftware.com/2017/10/23/the-joy-of-forms-with-react-and-formik/  
  Looks at some of the complexities with handling forms in React, and how the Formik library can help simplify that logic.
  
- **Painless React Forms with Formik**  
  https://hackernoon.com/painless-react-forms-with-formik-e61b70473c60  
  Describes how the Formik library can help solve transforming props to form state, validation and error messages, and handling form submission.
  
- **Formik - Handling files and reCaptch**  
  https://hackernoon.com/formik-handling-files-and-recaptcha-209cbeae10bc  
  Demonstrates how to use the Formik library to accept uploaded files and work with reCaptcha validation.
  
- **Final Form / React Final Form**  
  https://codeburst.io/final-form-the-road-to-the-checkered-flag-cd9b75c25fe  
  https://medium.com/@erikras/final-form-arrays-and-mutators-13159cb7d285  
  https://blog.cloudboost.io/final-form-decorators-calculated-fields-and-warnings-bf9cccd21b7e  
  Erik Rasmussen, author of the popular Redux-Form library, introduces his new framework-agnostic Final Form library and its bindings for React.

Commit message:

Restored some links with new URLs

react-forms.md, after:

### React and Forms

(Note: the "linked state mixin" and "two-way binding" approaches described in some of these articles are still valid, but _mostly_ discouraged at this point.  The more idiomatic approach is "one-way data flow" with "controlled inputs".)


**Related topics**:

- [Redux Techniques: Redux and Forms](redux-techniques.md#redux-and-forms)


#### "Controlled" and "Uncontrolled" Inputs

- **React Docs: Forms**  
  https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/forms.html  
  The React documentation page on forms.  Describes "controlled" and "uncontrolled" form inputs.
  
- **React "controlled" vs "uncontrolled" inputs**  
  https://gist.github.com/markerikson/d71cfc81687f11609d2559e8daee10cc  
  An explanation of the terms "controlled inputs" and "uncontrolled inputs"

- **React Form Components**  
  http://donavon.js.org/react-forms/  
  A look at controlled vs uncontrolled inputs, with a useful note about issues with controlled inputs and certain browsers.
  
- **Uncontrolled components are an anti-pattern**  
  https://medium.com/@jedwards8/uncontrolled-components-are-an-anti-pattern-abbdd86fd39e  
  Argues that uncontrolled components are a bad idea and should be avoided.
  
- **ReactJS and controlled forms**  
  http://leftdevel.com/blog/reactjs-controlled-forms/  
  A look at the difference between controlled and uncontrolled inputs, and some problems that can come from using uncontrolled inputs.
  
- **Managing React Controlled Component State**  
  http://spraso.com/managing-react-controlled-component-state/  
  Some short examples of how to properly manage state for controlled inputs

- **Managing state and controlled form fields with React**  
  https://blog.iansinnott.com/managing-state-and-controlled-form-fields-with-react/  
  Describes the concepts of "controlled" and "uncontrolled" inputs.  
  
- **React Hates me: "Overcontrolled" components**  
  http://www.matthiaslienau.de/blog/2015/4/8/react-hates-me-overcontrolled-components  
  Describes some specific issues with controlled inputs and the preventDefault method
  
- **React.js Forms: Controlled Components**  
  http://lorenstewart.me/2016/10/31/react-js-forms-controlled-components/  
  An excellent article that describes the concept of controlled components, and demonstrates examples of how to interact with different types of form inputs
  
- **Controlled and uncontrolled form inputs in React don't have to be complicated**  
  http://goshakkk.name/controlled-vs-uncontrolled-inputs-react/  
  A great summary of what controlled and uncontrolled inputs are, what each approach looks like, and how to handle values from different types of inputs.
  
- **Controllable React Components**  
  https://speakerdeck.com/lettertwo/controllable-react-components  
  A slideshow discussing how React components can themselves either be controlled or uncontrolled, and introducing a library to help make components controllable.
  
- **Collecting data from a wizard form**  
  https://goshakkk.name/wizard-form-collect-info/  
  Examples of how to handle data management for a multi-step form
  
- **React Forms: Using Refs**  
  https://css-tricks.com/react-forms-using-refs/  
  A quick recap of what "controlled components" are, and some excellent examples of how to use refs to directly access values for different types of inputs in forms
  
- **Understanding your options with forms in React**  
  https://medium.com/@thegreengreek/understanding-your-options-with-forms-in-react-afedc91ebf3e  
  A quick summary of the three major forms approachs (controlled inputs, uncontrolled inputs + refs, uncontrolled inputs + serialization), with code examples for each
  
- **Transitioning from uncontrolled inputs to controlled**  
  https://goshakkk.name/turn-uncontrolled-into-controlled/  
  Explains how to refactor React forms with uncontrolled inputs to use controlled inputs instead.
  
- **Tightly Controlled Textareas - Building solid plain text editors in React**  
  https://hashnode.com/post/tightly-controlled-textareas-building-solid-plain-text-editors-in-react-cj6yvu6yq00cls5wtrbbkw96d  
  A tutorial for implementing controlled behavior for a simple Markdown text editor component, including examples.


#### Form Tutorials and Usage

- **Learn Raw React: Ridiculously Simple Forms**  
  http://jamesknelson.com/learn-raw-react-ridiculously-simple-forms/  
  Covers the basics of implementing form rendering, updates, and validation, in plain JS
  
- **Forms in React and Redux**  
  https://x-team.com/blog/tutorial-forms-in-react-and-redux/  
  Demonstrates building a simple set of wrapper components to manage forms using React and Redux

- **Using React's state to manage data entry**  
  https://medium.com/@adamrackis/using-reacts-state-to-manage-data-entry-ed92e4fd1a42  
  Describes how to manage data for forms using React component state and some wrapper components.
  
- **Handling React Forms with Mobx Observables**  
  https://blog.risingstack.com/handling-react-forms-with-mobx-observables/  
  Some examples of working with forms in React, using MobX for the data management.
  
- **Radio Buttons and Checkboxes in React**  
  http://react.tips/radio-buttons-in-reactjs/  
  http://react.tips/checkboxes-in-react/  
  Tutorials on managing various inputs in forms with React
  
- **Building a Multi-Step Registration Form with React**  
  https://www.viget.com/articles/building-a-multi-step-registration-form-with-react  
  A form example that shows how to track the current form step, render the right form component, and store all the necessary form data
  
- **Making dynamic form inputs with React**  
  https://goshakkk.name/array-form-inputs/  
  Covers how to build a form that can add and remove entries dynamically, with examples.
  
- **How to handle forms with just React**  
  https://medium.com/@everdimension/how-to-handle-forms-with-just-react-ac066c48bd4f  
  Describes a different approach for reading and managing form data, besides the usual "controlled inputs" pattern, based on the Javascript FormData object.
  
- **Should a form for editing update the underlying model?**  
  https://goshakkk.name/react-forms-for-editing/  
  Some quick thoughts on ways to handle tracking data in a form - whether it should be fully controlled by a parent, or accept the initial values and report them when it's submitted.
  
- **Modeling form state in React**  
  http://beautifulcode.1stdibs.com/2017/03/23/react-form-state/  
  Examples of how to structure form state to handle values and validation.  Applicable no matter what state management approach is being used.
  
- **Better Form Management**  
  https://medium.com/@robbiedelavictoria/better-form-management-37c994095b1c  
  A couple useful examples of approaches for simplifying React form handling logic. 
  
- **Forms in React**  
  http://presentations.survivejs.com/forms-in-react/#/  
  Slides for a workshop on approaches for managing forms in React.  Includes summaries of the various major approaches for managing forms, and links to several useful form-related libraries.
  
- **Some Thoughts on Forms in React**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/some-thoughts-on-forms-in-react-9ca2d9078c20  
  An extended look at several form-related concepts, including describing them as "view-driven" vs "model-driven", extracting form management into a Higher-Order Component, adding validation, and more.
  
- **How to Work with Forms, Inputs, and Events in React**  
  https://medium.com/capital-one-developers/how-to-work-with-forms-inputs-and-events-in-react-c337171b923b  
  An excerpt from the book "React Quickly", which gives an overview of the recommended way to use forms in a React app.
  
- **An imperative guide to forms in React**  
  https://blog.logrocket.com/an-imperative-guide-to-forms-in-react-927d9670170a  
  A useful overview of how to work with forms.  Includes several runnable examples, and also looks at how the Formik library can simplify form handling.
  
  
#### Form Validation

- **Form Validation Tutorial with React.js**  
  https://html5hive.org/reactjs-form-validation-tutorial/  
  A good example of setting up form validation in React
  
- **Elegant Form Validation in React**  
  https://spin.atomicobject.com/2016/10/05/form-validation-react/  
  Examples of adding validation to a form

- **Two-Way Data Binding and Form Validation in React**  
  https://medium.com/@thejenniekim/two-way-data-binding-and-form-validation-in-react-9d0b15123176  
  Another demonstration of building a form with some logic and validation.

- **Form Validation as a Higher Order Component**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/form-validation-as-a-higher-order-component-pt-1-83ac8fd6c1f0  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/form-validation-as-a-higher-order-component-pt-2-1edb7881870d  
  A 2-part series, demonstrating how to use Ramda and FP approaches to create validation logic
  
- **Form recipe: Conditionally disabling the Submit button**  
  http://goshakkk.name/form-recipe-disable-submit-button-react/  
  Some simple examples of validating data from controlled inputs
  
- **Instant form field validation with React's controlled inputs**  
  https://goshakkk.name/instant-form-fields-validation-react/  
  Examples of how to perform validation during rendering, and immediately show which inputs are invalid
  
- **Really Dumb Form Validation**  
  https://medium.com/@l_e/really-dumb-form-validations-739611d2ffcd  
  Some quick examples of simple but effective form validation handling inside of React components.
  
- **Why not field-level validations?**  
  https://goshakkk.name/y-no-field-level-validations/  
  Thoughts on why it's better to handle validation at the "whole form" level, rather than strictly per-field.
  
- **Validating React forms upon submit**  
  https://goshakkk.name/submit-time-validation-react/  
  Discusses core concepts of validating form inputs, and demonstrates how to handle validations on submit for both uncontrolled and controlled components.
  

#### Other

- **List or Form, why not both? Making a list with a built in editor in React**  
  http://web.archive.org/web/20161214145219/http://thereactionary.net/list-or-form-why-not-both-making-a-list-with-a-built-in-editor-in-react/  
  Builds an example of a list with the ability to do inline editing of items.
  
- **Comparison of form libraries in React**  
  https://codebrahma.com/form-libraries-in-react/  
  A good comparison of several different React/Redux-based form libraries, with code snippets demonstrating usage.
  
- **The Joy of Forms with React and Formik**  
  https://keyholesoftware.com/2017/10/23/the-joy-of-forms-with-react-and-formik/  
  Looks at some of the complexities with handling forms in React, and how the Formik library can help simplify that logic.
  
- **Painless React Forms with Formik**  
  https://hackernoon.com/painless-react-forms-with-formik-e61b70473c60  
  Describes how the Formik library can help solve transforming props to form state, validation and error messages, and handling form submission.
  
- **Formik - Handling files and reCaptch**  
  https://hackernoon.com/formik-handling-files-and-recaptcha-209cbeae10bc  
  Demonstrates how to use the Formik library to accept uploaded files and work with reCaptcha validation.
  
- **Final Form / React Final Form**  
  https://codeburst.io/final-form-the-road-to-the-checkered-flag-cd9b75c25fe  
  https://medium.com/@erikras/final-form-arrays-and-mutators-13159cb7d285  
  https://blog.cloudboost.io/final-form-decorators-calculated-fields-and-warnings-bf9cccd21b7e  
  Erik Rasmussen, author of the popular Redux-Form library, introduces his new framework-agnostic Final Form library and its bindings for React.
