README.md, before:

# React/Redux Links
Curated links I've collected on React, Redux, ES6, and more


## Best of the Best / Suggested Reading List

All of the links on this page are worth reading, but there's obviously a LOT of them.  Here's a "best-of" list to get you started:

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| ES6 - The Bits You'll Actually Use | [http://jamesknelson.com/<br>es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/](http://jamesknelson.com/es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/) | A quick tour through some of the more useful features in ES6 |
| ES6 Features Comparison | [http://es6-features.org/](http://es6-features.org/) | Code snippets comparing ES6 features with their ES5 equivalents |
| Webpack - The Module Bundler | [http://alp82.github.io/<br>webpack-experiment-slides/#/](http://alp82.github.io/webpack-experiment-slides/#/) | HTML slideshow that describes Webpack's features and links to demos |
| React to the Future | [http://elijahmanor.com/talks/<br>react-to-the-future/dist/#/](http://elijahmanor.com/talks/react-to-the-future/dist/#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow describing what React is, what makes it special, and how to work with it |
| Relieving Backbone Pain with Flux & React | [http://product.hubspot.com/blog/<br>moving-backbone-to-flux-react](http://product.hubspot.com/blog/moving-backbone-to-flux-react) | A fantastic video that walks through common problems with using Backbone, and how React can help solve those |
| Components, React, and Flux | [http://slides.com/danabramov/<br>components-react-flux-wip#/](http://slides.com/danabramov/components-react-flux-wip#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow that discusses how to organize code as reusable components, and the basic concepts and benefits of a Flux unidirectional architecture |
| Reactive, Component-Based UIs | [http://banderson.github.io/<br>reactive-component-ui-presentation/#/](http://banderson.github.io/reactive-component-ui-presentation/#/) | Another fantastic HTML slideshow describing the three principles of React: "functional over OOP", "stateless over stateful", "clarity over brevity" (use arrow keys to advance slides) |
| Redux Docs | [http://redux.js.org/index.html](http://redux.js.org/index.html) | The official Redux documentation.  FANTASTIC writing - not just "here's the API", but "here's what you want to do and how we came up with this" |
| Managing Data Flow on the Client Side | [http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/redux/](http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/redux/) | Walks through a small Redux example, and talks about the benefits |
| Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React | [http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/<br>pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/](http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/) | Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use it with React, and pros and cons of using it |
| React Best Practices and Tips | [http://www.toptal.com/react/tips-and-practices](http://www.toptal.com/react/tips-and-practices) | Several excellent guidelines for component structure and behavior |
| Redux Best Practices | [https://medium.com/lexical-labs-engineering/<br>redux-best-practices-64d59775802e#.ij385pwu6](https://medium.com/lexical-labs-engineering/redux-best-practices-64d59775802e#.ij385pwu6) | Guidelines for tools, component structure, file layout, and async data handling |




### Javascript ES6 Features and Examples

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| Exploring ES6 | [http://exploringjs.com/es6/index.html](http://exploringjs.com/es6/index.html) | A full online book covering every aspect of ES6 in fine detail |
| ES6 Features Overview | [https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features) | Examples of each of the new major features |
| ES6 Features Comparison | [http://es6-features.org/](http://es6-features.org/) | Code snippets comparing ES6 features with their ES5 equivalents |
| ES6 Overview in 350 Bullet Points | [https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6) | Quick samples and descriptions of all the various ES6 capabilities |
| ES6 In Depth | [https://ponyfoo.com/articles/<br>tagged/es6-in-depth](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/tagged/es6-in-depth) | Many articles covering each feature in greater detail |
| Javascript Features | [http://jsfeatures.in/#ES6](http://jsfeatures.in/#ES6) | More samples of features in ES5, ES6, and ES7 |
| ES6 - The Bits You'll Actually Use | [http://jamesknelson.com/<br>es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/](http://jamesknelson.com/es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/) | A quick tour through some of the more useful features in ES6 |



### Webpack Tutorials

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| The Hitchiker's Guide to Modern JS Tooling | [http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/the-hitchhikers-<br>guide-to-modern-javascript-tooling/](http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-modern-javascript-tooling/) | A great overview of many of the most common build tools, package managers, test frameworks, and code quality tools currently in use |
| SurviveJS | [http://survivejs.com/](http://survivejs.com/) | A full book online book that covers setting up Webpack, developing using React and Flux, and using ESLint for code quality |
| Beginner's Guide to Webpack | [https://medium.com/@dabit3/beginner-s-<br>guide-to-webpack-b1f1a3638460#.g3xg8v2q3](https://medium.com/@dabit3/beginner-s-guide-to-webpack-b1f1a3638460#.g3xg8v2q3) | A walkthrough for getting started with a Webpack dev setup |
| Webpack - The Module Bundler | [http://alp82.github.io/<br>webpack-experiment-slides/#/](http://alp82.github.io/webpack-experiment-slides/#/) | HTML slideshow that describes Webpack's features and links to demos |
| Webpack Your Bags | [http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/<br>webpack-your-bags/](http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/webpack-your-bags/) | In-depth article describing what Webpack is, why you would want to use it, and how to set it up |
| Webpack + React is Awesome | [http://www.christianalfoni.com/articles/2014_12_13_<br>Webpack-and-react-is-awesome](http://www.christianalfoni.com/articles/2014_12_13_Webpack-and-react-is-awesome) | Another tutorial explaining how to use and set up Webpack |




### React Tutorials

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| React to the Future | [http://elijahmanor.com/talks/<br>react-to-the-future/dist/#/](http://elijahmanor.com/talks/react-to-the-future/dist/#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow describing what React is, what makes it special, and how to work with it |
| React Tutorial | [https://facebook.github.io/react/<br>docs/tutorial.html](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/tutorial.html) | The original React tutorial page from the React docs |
| React: Getting Started and Concepts | [https://scotch.io/tutorials/learning-react-<br>getting-started-and-concepts](https://scotch.io/tutorials/learning-react-getting-started-and-concepts) | Walks through the basics of components, JSX, props/lifecycle, and data flow |
| A Comprehensive Guide to Building Apps with React | [http://tylermcginnis.com/reactjs-<br>tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide-<br>to-building-apps-with-react/](http://tylermcginnis.com/reactjs-tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide-to-building-apps-with-react/) | Walks through the major concepts and API functions in React |
| React.js for Stupid People | [http://blog.andrewray.me/<br>reactjs-for-stupid-people/](http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/) | A high-level overview of what React is, and some pros and cons |
| Learn Raw React | [http://jamesknelson.com/<br>learn-raw-react-no-jsx-flux-es6-webpack/](http://jamesknelson.com/learn-raw-react-no-jsx-flux-es6-webpack/) | A ground-up React tutorial that leaves out any other related "modern" technologies |
| React.js Tutorial and Guide to the Gotchas | [https://zapier.com/engineering/<br>react-js-tutorial-guide-gotchas/](https://zapier.com/engineering/react-js-tutorial-guide-gotchas/) | Excellent look at what React and JSX are, and how to handle components and state.  Also some excellent guidelines to be aware of when writing React code. |
| React/Flux Tutorial Part 1: React | [http://spapas.github.io/2015/06/05/<br>comprehensive-react-flux-tutorial/](http://spapas.github.io/2015/06/05/comprehensive-react-flux-tutorial/) | Demonstrates building up a CRUD app UI using React |
| Intro to the React Framework | [http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/<br>intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660) | Discusses components, JSX, component lifecycle, state/props, and mixins |
| React.js Introduction For People Who Know Just Enough jQuery To Get By | [http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/<br>reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-<br>know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/](http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/) | A step-by-step tutorial that builds a simple component with jQuery and with React |

Commit message:

Add "Thinking in React" links

README.md, after:

# React/Redux Links
Curated links I've collected on React, Redux, ES6, and more.  Not quite "awesome", but hopefully useful as a starting point I can give to others.


## Best of the Best / Suggested Reading List

All of the links on this page are worth reading, but there's obviously a LOT of them.  Here's a "best-of" list to get you started:

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| ES6 - The Bits You'll Actually Use | [http://jamesknelson.com/<br>es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/](http://jamesknelson.com/es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/) | A quick tour through some of the more useful features in ES6 |
| ES6 Features Comparison | [http://es6-features.org/](http://es6-features.org/) | Code snippets comparing ES6 features with their ES5 equivalents |
| Webpack - The Module Bundler | [http://alp82.github.io/<br>webpack-experiment-slides/#/](http://alp82.github.io/webpack-experiment-slides/#/) | HTML slideshow that describes Webpack's features and links to demos |
| React to the Future | [http://elijahmanor.com/talks/<br>react-to-the-future/dist/#/](http://elijahmanor.com/talks/react-to-the-future/dist/#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow describing what React is, what makes it special, and how to work with it |
| Relieving Backbone Pain with Flux & React | [http://product.hubspot.com/blog/<br>moving-backbone-to-flux-react](http://product.hubspot.com/blog/moving-backbone-to-flux-react) | A fantastic video that walks through common problems with using Backbone, and how React can help solve those |
| Components, React, and Flux | [http://slides.com/danabramov/<br>components-react-flux-wip#/](http://slides.com/danabramov/components-react-flux-wip#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow that discusses how to organize code as reusable components, and the basic concepts and benefits of a Flux unidirectional architecture |
| Reactive, Component-Based UIs | [http://banderson.github.io/<br>reactive-component-ui-presentation/#/](http://banderson.github.io/reactive-component-ui-presentation/#/) | Another fantastic HTML slideshow describing the three principles of React: "functional over OOP", "stateless over stateful", "clarity over brevity" (use arrow keys to advance slides) |
| Redux Docs | [http://redux.js.org/index.html](http://redux.js.org/index.html) | The official Redux documentation.  FANTASTIC writing - not just "here's the API", but "here's what you want to do and how we came up with this" |
| Managing Data Flow on the Client Side | [http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/redux/](http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/redux/) | Walks through a small Redux example, and talks about the benefits |
| Pros and Cons of Using Immutability With React | [http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/<br>pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/](http://reactkungfu.com/2015/08/pros-and-cons-of-using-immutability-with-react-js/) | Excellent description of what immutability is, how to use it with React, and pros and cons of using it |
| React Best Practices and Tips | [http://www.toptal.com/react/tips-and-practices](http://www.toptal.com/react/tips-and-practices) | Several excellent guidelines for component structure and behavior |
| Redux Best Practices | [https://medium.com/lexical-labs-engineering/<br>redux-best-practices-64d59775802e#.ij385pwu6](https://medium.com/lexical-labs-engineering/redux-best-practices-64d59775802e#.ij385pwu6) | Guidelines for tools, component structure, file layout, and async data handling |




### Javascript ES6 Features and Examples

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| Exploring ES6 | [http://exploringjs.com/es6/index.html](http://exploringjs.com/es6/index.html) | A full online book covering every aspect of ES6 in fine detail |
| ES6 Features Overview | [https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features) | Examples of each of the new major features |
| ES6 Features Comparison | [http://es6-features.org/](http://es6-features.org/) | Code snippets comparing ES6 features with their ES5 equivalents |
| ES6 Overview in 350 Bullet Points | [https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6) | Quick samples and descriptions of all the various ES6 capabilities |
| ES6 In Depth | [https://ponyfoo.com/articles/<br>tagged/es6-in-depth](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/tagged/es6-in-depth) | Many articles covering each feature in greater detail |
| Javascript Features | [http://jsfeatures.in/#ES6](http://jsfeatures.in/#ES6) | More samples of features in ES5, ES6, and ES7 |
| ES6 - The Bits You'll Actually Use | [http://jamesknelson.com/<br>es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/](http://jamesknelson.com/es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/) | A quick tour through some of the more useful features in ES6 |



### Webpack Tutorials

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| The Hitchiker's Guide to Modern JS Tooling | [http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/the-hitchhikers-<br>guide-to-modern-javascript-tooling/](http://reactkungfu.com/2015/07/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-modern-javascript-tooling/) | A great overview of many of the most common build tools, package managers, test frameworks, and code quality tools currently in use |
| SurviveJS | [http://survivejs.com/](http://survivejs.com/) | A full book online book that covers setting up Webpack, developing using React and Flux, and using ESLint for code quality |
| Beginner's Guide to Webpack | [https://medium.com/@dabit3/beginner-s-<br>guide-to-webpack-b1f1a3638460#.g3xg8v2q3](https://medium.com/@dabit3/beginner-s-guide-to-webpack-b1f1a3638460#.g3xg8v2q3) | A walkthrough for getting started with a Webpack dev setup |
| Webpack - The Module Bundler | [http://alp82.github.io/<br>webpack-experiment-slides/#/](http://alp82.github.io/webpack-experiment-slides/#/) | HTML slideshow that describes Webpack's features and links to demos |
| Webpack Your Bags | [http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/<br>webpack-your-bags/](http://blog.madewithlove.be/post/webpack-your-bags/) | In-depth article describing what Webpack is, why you would want to use it, and how to set it up |
| Webpack + React is Awesome | [http://www.christianalfoni.com/articles/2014_12_13_<br>Webpack-and-react-is-awesome](http://www.christianalfoni.com/articles/2014_12_13_Webpack-and-react-is-awesome) | Another tutorial explaining how to use and set up Webpack |




### React Tutorials

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| React to the Future | [http://elijahmanor.com/talks/<br>react-to-the-future/dist/#/](http://elijahmanor.com/talks/react-to-the-future/dist/#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow describing what React is, what makes it special, and how to work with it |
| React Tutorial | [https://facebook.github.io/react/<br>docs/tutorial.html](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/tutorial.html) | The original React tutorial page from the React docs |
| React: Getting Started and Concepts | [https://scotch.io/tutorials/learning-react-<br>getting-started-and-concepts](https://scotch.io/tutorials/learning-react-getting-started-and-concepts) | Walks through the basics of components, JSX, props/lifecycle, and data flow |
| A Comprehensive Guide to Building Apps with React | [http://tylermcginnis.com/reactjs-<br>tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide-<br>to-building-apps-with-react/](http://tylermcginnis.com/reactjs-tutorial-a-comprehensive-guide-to-building-apps-with-react/) | Walks through the major concepts and API functions in React |
| React.js for Stupid People | [http://blog.andrewray.me/<br>reactjs-for-stupid-people/](http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/) | A high-level overview of what React is, and some pros and cons |
| Learn Raw React | [http://jamesknelson.com/<br>learn-raw-react-no-jsx-flux-es6-webpack/](http://jamesknelson.com/learn-raw-react-no-jsx-flux-es6-webpack/) | A ground-up React tutorial that leaves out any other related "modern" technologies |
| React.js Tutorial and Guide to the Gotchas | [https://zapier.com/engineering/<br>react-js-tutorial-guide-gotchas/](https://zapier.com/engineering/react-js-tutorial-guide-gotchas/) | Excellent look at what React and JSX are, and how to handle components and state.  Also some excellent guidelines to be aware of when writing React code. |
| React/Flux Tutorial Part 1: React | [http://spapas.github.io/2015/06/05/<br>comprehensive-react-flux-tutorial/](http://spapas.github.io/2015/06/05/comprehensive-react-flux-tutorial/) | Demonstrates building up a CRUD app UI using React |
| Intro to the React Framework | [http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/<br>intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660) | Discusses components, JSX, component lifecycle, state/props, and mixins |
| React.js Introduction For People Who Know Just Enough jQuery To Get By | [http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/<br>reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-<br>know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/](http://reactfordesigners.com/labs/reactjs-introduction-for-people-who-know-just-enough-jquery-to-get-by/) | A step-by-step tutorial that builds a simple component with jQuery and with React |




### Thinking in React and Flux

| Title | URL | Description |
|---|---|---|
| Thinking in React | [https://facebook.github.io/react/<br>docs/thinking-in-react.html](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/thinking-in-react.html) | The original guide to breaking a UI into components and setting up data flow |
| Removing User Interface Complexity, or Why React is Awesome | [http://jlongster.com/Removing-<br>User-Interface-Complexity,-or-<br>Why-React-is-Awesome](http://jlongster.com/Removing-User-Interface-Complexity,-or-Why-React-is-Awesome) | A long walkthrough that builds up a pseudo-React-like library, demonstrating what React does and why you would want to use it.  Has lots of embedded demos. |
| Describing UI State with Data | [http://nicolashery.com/<br>describing-ui-state-with-data/](http://nicolashery.com/describing-ui-state-with-data/) | Demonstrates modeling the state and actions of an application, and updating the UI based on that.  (CSS/images may be blocked on the NGGN, but a useful read anyway) |
| Common React Mistakes - Unneeded State | [http://reactkungfu.com/2015/09/common-<br>react-dot-js-mistakes-unneeded-state/](http://reactkungfu.com/2015/09/common-react-dot-js-mistakes-unneeded-state/) | Examples of how to think about and model data and UI state |
| Understanding the Functional Revolution in Front-End Applications | [http://blog.reactandbethankful.com/posts/2015/09/15/<br>understanding-the-functional-revolution/](http://blog.reactandbethankful.com/posts/2015/09/15/understanding-the-functional-revolution/) | Higher-level tutorial describing functional programming and how it relates to Javascript, UI, and client-side applications |
| Functional UI and Components as Higher Order Functions | [https://blog.risingstack.com/functional-ui-<br>and-components-as-higher-order-functions/](https://blog.risingstack.com/functional-ui-and-components-as-higher-order-functions/) | Another tutorial on functional programming and how it relates to React |
| Components, React, and Flux | [http://slides.com/danabramov/<br>components-react-flux-wip#/](http://slides.com/danabramov/components-react-flux-wip#/) | A fantastic HTML slideshow that discusses how to organize code as reusable components, and the basic concepts and benefits of a Flux unidirectional architecture |
| Reactive, Component-Based UIs | [http://banderson.github.io/<br>reactive-component-ui-presentation/#/](http://banderson.github.io/reactive-component-ui-presentation/#/) | Another fantastic HTML slideshow describing the three principles of React: "functional over OOP", "stateless over stateful", "clarity over brevity" (use arrow keys to advance slides) |
| Why You Should Care About Flux | [http://jaysoo.ca/2015/06/02/<br>why-you-should-care-about-flux/](http://jaysoo.ca/2015/06/02/why-you-should-care-about-flux/) | Describes the value in separating "reads" from "writes", and eliminating local state |
| Lessons Backbone Developers Can Learn From React | [http://benmccormick.org/2015/09/09/<br>what-can-backbone-developers-learn-from-react/](http://benmccormick.org/2015/09/09/what-can-backbone-developers-learn-from-react/) | Discusses 3 lessons from React: "UIs are trees of reusable components", "modern JS is cleaner code", and "don't use DOM for state" |
| State is an Anti-Pattern | [https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/<br>3bjdoe/state_is_an_antipattern/](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/3bjdoe/state_is_an_antipattern/) | Some long-winded but useful thoughts on what makes a good component: "intuitive", "same input -> same output", "pure", and "only side effects are Flux actions" |
| Why Local Component State is a Trap | [https://www.safaribooksonline.com/blog/2015/10/29/<br>react-local-component-state/](https://www.safaribooksonline.com/blog/2015/10/29/react-local-component-state/) | Thoughts on a "single state tree" vs local component state |
