redux-techniques.md, before:

### Redux Techniques



#### Middlewares
- **Two Weird Tricks with Redux**  
  http://jlongster.com/Two-Weird-Tricks-with-Redux  
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11488633  
  James Longster describes a couple useful approaches he found while writing the Firefox Developer Tools: checking for specific actions using a middleware, and managing multiple async requests.  The HN comments include some useful discussion.
  
- **Redux Hack: Custom Thunk APIs**  
  http://chrispearce.co/redux-quick-hack-custom-thunk-apis/  
  Demonstrates writing a custom thunk middleware that injects additional dependencies into thunks.

- **Connecting Redux to your API**  
  https://blog.boldlisting.com/connecting-redux-to-your-api-eac51ad9ff89  
  Describes imperative and declarative approaches to managing request data and metadata
  
- **Fix Ugly JSON Api Responses With Redux Middleware**  
  http://blog.benwiley.org/fix-json-responses-redux-middleware/  
  Sets up a sample project that requests JSON data, then shows how to use some custom middleware to transform the response.
  
- **You Aren't Using Redux Middleware Enough**  
  https://medium.com/@jacobp100/you-arent-using-redux-middleware-enough-94ffe991e6  
  Suggestions for using middleware to solve a number of interesting use cases

  
#### Debugging

- **Hot reloading and time travel debugging: what are they?**  
  https://code-cartoons.com/hot-reloading-and-time-travel-debugging-what-are-they-3c8ed2812f35
  A short but informative article describing these concepts and why they're useful.

- **Debugging is in Flux**  
  https://vimeo.com/166342150  
  A fantastic talk that demonstrates use cases and examples for time-travel debugging in a Flux-style architecture, including crash reporting.  The demo is built in Alt, but obviously completely applies to Redux as well.
  
- **Drew Bug**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8vkg_RVIRo  
  A video demonstrating a Redux crash reporter and time travel debugger.
  
- **Redux DevTools Without Redux**  
  https://medium.com/@zalmoxis/redux-devtools-without-redux-or-how-to-have-a-predictable-state-with-any-architecture-61c5f5a7716f  
  Instructions on setting up the Redux DevTools browser extension to use things other than a single Redux store (such as reducers for use within a React component, or other state libs)
  
- **Redux Error Reports Concept**  
  https://medium.com/@jrullmann/redux-error-reports-concept-ab85b658f53e  
  A semi-hypothetical description of tools that could be built to report errors by leveraging Redux
  
- **A Quick Look at the React and Redux DevTools**  
  http://mediatemple.net/blog/tips/a-quick-look-at-the-react-and-redux-devtools/  
  An intro to using the React DevTools and Redux DevTools extensions for debugging


#### Reducers

- **Redux Docs: Structuring Reducers**  
  http://redux.js.org/docs/recipes/StructuringReducers.html  
  Comprehensive information on writing reducers and structuring data, covering reducer composition, use of `combineReducers`, normalizing data, proper immutable updating, and more.

- **"Reducer composition without slicing state"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/42ey9e/redux_reducer_composition_without_slicing_state/  
  Discussion of ways to organize actions and reducer logic

#### Type Checking

- **Checking React and Redux Code with Flow**  
  http://djcordhose.github.io/react-intro-live-coding/2016_jsunconf.html#/  
  A slideshow that shows the basics of adding type information to Redux-based code 
  
- **Using Redux with Flow**  
  http://frantic.im/using-redux-with-flow  
  Covers how to use Flow typing with Redux

- **Type Checking with Flow in React + Redux**  
  http://www.robinwieruch.de/the-soundcloud-client-in-react-redux-flow/  
  
- **Redux Flow Tutorial**  
  http://dchambers.github.io/articles/redux-flow-tutorial/  
  Covers how to set up Flow for type-checking a Redux application


#### Encapsulation and Reusability

- **Querying a Redux Store**  
  https://medium.com/@adamrackis/querying-a-redux-store-37db8c7f3b0f  
  A look at best practices for organizing and storing data in Redux, including normalizing data and use of selector functions.

- **Encapsulation in Redux: the Right Way to Write Reusable Components**  
  http://blog.javascripting.com/2016/02/02/encapsulation-in-redux/  
  A look at one way to write encapsulated action handling in Redux

- **How to Reuse Redux Components**  
  https://medium.com/@MattiaManzati/how-to-reuse-redux-components-8acd5b4d376a  
  Discussion of an Elm-inspired approach to wrapping up reusable components and logic

- **Redux and the Elm Architecture**  
  http://salsita.github.io/redux-elm/  
  Redux lacks built-in abstractions for real-world, maintainable, scalable applications. In particular, it is difficult to create and distributed encapsulated, reusable components.  The Elm Architecture clearly addresses some important areas where Redux alone is lacking.
  
- **Scaleable FE with Redux and Elm Architecture**  
  https://medium.com/@hunterbmt/scaleable-fe-with-redux-and-elm-architecture-c6812ed0125e  
  Examples of using Elm-style approaches to writing Redux code
  
- **Encapsulation in Redux: the Right Way to Write Reusable Components**  
  http://blog.javascripting.com/2016/02/02/encapsulation-in-redux/  
  Examples of an Elm-style encapsulation approach
  
- **The Problem with Redux... And How to Fix It**  
  http://blog.javascripting.com/2016/05/21/the-problem-with-redux-and-how-to-fix-it/  
  Demonstration of Redux-Elm, a library that adds composable actions to Redux

- **Applying Redux Reducers to Arrays**  
  http://blog.scottlogic.com/2016/05/19/redux-reducer-arrays.html  
  Looks at one way to implement the classic "multiple instances of one connected component" issue in Redux.
  
- **Redux: Encapsulating the Redux State Tree**  
  http://randycoulman.com//blog/2016/09/13/encapsulating-the-redux-state-tree/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/09/20/redux-reducer-selector-asymmetry/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/09/27/modular-reducers-and-selectors/  
  A blog series discussing approaches to encapsulating Redux data using selectors and other related approaches


#### UI and Widget Implementations

- **"How can I display a modal dialog in Redux?"**  
  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/35623656/how-can-i-display-a-modal-dialog-in-redux-that-performs-asynchronous-actions/35641680  
  Dan Abramov describes a great technique for descriptively managing React modal dialogs using Redux actions and state, by storing names of components and their props.

- **"Generic Modal Dialogs with Feature-Specific Actions"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/4wjmme/implement_a_confirm_modal_using_react_redux/d68ajcw?context=3  
  A follow-on to Dan's technique, with a short suggestion for using generic modal components in a variety of situations by including actions as props.
  
- **Implement a confirm modal using React & Redux**  
  http://jslancer.com/2016/08/07/implement-a-confirm-modal-using-react-redux/  
  Demonstrates wrapping up an existing modal library to be controlled by Redux actions
  
  
#### Other  
- **Two mistakes I made working with Redux**  
  http://www.mattzeunert.com/2016/06/01/redux-mistakes.html  
  Some suggestions on how to handle denormalizing data and defining actions.
  
- **React, Redux, and Redux-Form**  
  https://jokeyrhyme.github.io/2016/06/27/react-redux-redux-form.html  
  Thoughts on the merits of using the Redux-Form library
  
- **Real-World React and Redux**  
  https://dzone.com/articles/real-world-reactjs-and-redux-part-1  
  https://dzone.com/articles/real-world-reactjs-and-redux-part-2  
  A series of articles covering practical architecture lessons learned from building Redux apps, especially regarding use of custom middleware
  
- **Connecting the Linode API to Redux with Higher-Order Functions**  
  https://engineering.linode.com/2016/08/17/Using-metaprogramming-in-the-manager.html  
  Linode explains how they generate customized action creators and reducers to talk to different parts of their API
  
- **A Finite State Machine Helper for Redux**  
  https://hackernoon.com/a-finite-state-machine-helper-for-redux-c18519643719  
  Describes a small but useful library for managing state machines using Redux reducers.
  
- **Conversational sign-up form UI with React and Redux**  
  http://jsforallof.us/2016/09/08/conversational-sign-up-form-ui-with-react-and-redux/  
  An example of form management with Redux
  
  
#### Network Management

- **Ajax Polling in React with Redux and Sagas**  
  http://notjoshmiller.com/ajax-polling-in-react-with-redux/  
  http://notjoshmiller.com/ajax-polling-part-2-sagas/  
  Covers a couple different ways to manage the logic for AJAX polling.

- **Firebase with Redux**  
  https://medium.com/@prescottprue/firebase-with-redux-82d04f8675b9  
  Examples for combining Firebase into a Redux application
  
  
#### Variations on Redux Architectures

- **Redux Saga in Action**  
  https://medium.com/@totaldis/redux-saga-in-action-s-f7d11cffa35a  
  Some interesting thoughts on ways to organize the majority of your app's logic using redux-saga
  
- **Scalable Single-Page Application Architecture with Redux and Angular 2**  
  http://blog.mgechev.com/2016/04/10/scalable-javascript-single-page-app-angular2-application-architecture/  
  An in-depth article covering how to architect an application using Redux, Angular 2, and RxJS.  
  
- **redux-scuttlebutt; eventually consistent shared state among peers**  
  https://medium.com/@grrowl/redux-scuttlebutt-eventually-consistent-shared-state-among-peers-191d48102079  
  Describes how to use the Redux-Scuttlebutt library to sync actions and updates between multiple instances of a Redux application
  
- **Write Better Redux with redux-module-builder**  
  https://www.fullstackreact.com/articles/better-redux-module-management/  
  Describes how to use the utilities included in the redux-module-builder package to better organize a Redux application
  
- **The Elegance of React, Redux, and Ramda**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/the-elegance-of-react-ebc21a2dcd19  
  Demonstrates ways to use Ramda to compose together React components and Redux behavior
  
- **Extreme Decoupling: React, Redux, Selectors**  
  http://www.thinkloop.com/article/extreme-decoupling-react-redux-selectors/  
  Discusses an API-first approach to splitting apart a Redux app into view, state, and integration layers.

Commit message:

Updates, 2016-10-23
Add React Native, React Server Rendering, and Static Types pages
Rework MobX page for clarity

redux-techniques.md, after:

### Redux Techniques



#### Middlewares
- **Two Weird Tricks with Redux**  
  http://jlongster.com/Two-Weird-Tricks-with-Redux  
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11488633  
  James Longster describes a couple useful approaches he found while writing the Firefox Developer Tools: checking for specific actions using a middleware, and managing multiple async requests.  The HN comments include some useful discussion.
  
- **Redux Hack: Custom Thunk APIs**  
  http://chrispearce.co/redux-quick-hack-custom-thunk-apis/  
  Demonstrates writing a custom thunk middleware that injects additional dependencies into thunks.

- **Connecting Redux to your API**  
  https://blog.boldlisting.com/connecting-redux-to-your-api-eac51ad9ff89  
  Describes imperative and declarative approaches to managing request data and metadata
  
- **Fix Ugly JSON Api Responses With Redux Middleware**  
  http://blog.benwiley.org/fix-json-responses-redux-middleware/  
  Sets up a sample project that requests JSON data, then shows how to use some custom middleware to transform the response.
  
- **You Aren't Using Redux Middleware Enough**  
  https://medium.com/@jacobp100/you-arent-using-redux-middleware-enough-94ffe991e6  
  Suggestions for using middleware to solve a number of interesting use cases

  
#### Debugging

- **Hot reloading and time travel debugging: what are they?**  
  https://code-cartoons.com/hot-reloading-and-time-travel-debugging-what-are-they-3c8ed2812f35
  A short but informative article describing these concepts and why they're useful.

- **Debugging is in Flux**  
  https://vimeo.com/166342150  
  A fantastic talk that demonstrates use cases and examples for time-travel debugging in a Flux-style architecture, including crash reporting.  The demo is built in Alt, but obviously completely applies to Redux as well.
  
- **Drew Bug**  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8vkg_RVIRo  
  A video demonstrating a Redux crash reporter and time travel debugger.
  
- **Redux DevTools Without Redux**  
  https://medium.com/@zalmoxis/redux-devtools-without-redux-or-how-to-have-a-predictable-state-with-any-architecture-61c5f5a7716f  
  Instructions on setting up the Redux DevTools browser extension to use things other than a single Redux store (such as reducers for use within a React component, or other state libs)
  
- **Redux Error Reports Concept**  
  https://medium.com/@jrullmann/redux-error-reports-concept-ab85b658f53e  
  A semi-hypothetical description of tools that could be built to report errors by leveraging Redux
  
- **A Quick Look at the React and Redux DevTools**  
  http://mediatemple.net/blog/tips/a-quick-look-at-the-react-and-redux-devtools/  
  An intro to using the React DevTools and Redux DevTools extensions for debugging


#### Reducers

- **Redux Docs: Structuring Reducers**  
  http://redux.js.org/docs/recipes/StructuringReducers.html  
  Comprehensive information on writing reducers and structuring data, covering reducer composition, use of `combineReducers`, normalizing data, proper immutable updating, and more.

- **"Reducer composition without slicing state"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/42ey9e/redux_reducer_composition_without_slicing_state/  
  Discussion of ways to organize actions and reducer logic

#### Type Checking

- **Checking React and Redux Code with Flow**  
  http://djcordhose.github.io/react-intro-live-coding/2016_jsunconf.html#/  
  A slideshow that shows the basics of adding type information to Redux-based code 
  
- **Using Redux with Flow**  
  http://frantic.im/using-redux-with-flow  
  Covers how to use Flow typing with Redux

- **Type Checking with Flow in React + Redux**  
  http://www.robinwieruch.de/the-soundcloud-client-in-react-redux-flow/  
  
- **Redux Flow Tutorial**  
  http://dchambers.github.io/articles/redux-flow-tutorial/  
  Covers how to set up Flow for type-checking a Redux application


#### Selectors and Normalization

- **Querying a Redux Store**  
  https://medium.com/@adamrackis/querying-a-redux-store-37db8c7f3b0f  
  A look at best practices for organizing and storing data in Redux, including normalizing data and use of selector functions.
  
- **Redux Normalizr: Improve your State Management**  
  http://www.robinwieruch.de/the-soundcloud-client-in-react-redux-normalizr/  
  A tutorial describing how to use Normalizr for improved data management of nested data in Redux

- **Using normalizr.js in a Redux store**  
  https://medium.com/@mcowpercoles/using-normalizr-js-in-a-redux-store-96ab33991369  
  Some examples of using Normalizr and selectors to manage normalized data

#### Encapsulation and Reusability

- **Encapsulation in Redux: the Right Way to Write Reusable Components**  
  http://blog.javascripting.com/2016/02/02/encapsulation-in-redux/  
  A look at one way to write encapsulated action handling in Redux

- **How to Reuse Redux Components**  
  https://medium.com/@MattiaManzati/how-to-reuse-redux-components-8acd5b4d376a  
  Discussion of an Elm-inspired approach to wrapping up reusable components and logic

- **Redux and the Elm Architecture**  
  http://salsita.github.io/redux-elm/  
  Redux lacks built-in abstractions for real-world, maintainable, scalable applications. In particular, it is difficult to create and distributed encapsulated, reusable components.  The Elm Architecture clearly addresses some important areas where Redux alone is lacking.
  
- **Scaleable FE with Redux and Elm Architecture**  
  https://medium.com/@hunterbmt/scaleable-fe-with-redux-and-elm-architecture-c6812ed0125e  
  Examples of using Elm-style approaches to writing Redux code
  
- **Encapsulation in Redux: the Right Way to Write Reusable Components**  
  http://blog.javascripting.com/2016/02/02/encapsulation-in-redux/  
  Examples of an Elm-style encapsulation approach
  
- **The Problem with Redux... And How to Fix It**  
  http://blog.javascripting.com/2016/05/21/the-problem-with-redux-and-how-to-fix-it/  
  Demonstration of Redux-Elm, a library that adds composable actions to Redux

- **Applying Redux Reducers to Arrays**  
  http://blog.scottlogic.com/2016/05/19/redux-reducer-arrays.html  
  Looks at one way to implement the classic "multiple instances of one connected component" issue in Redux.
  
- **Redux: Encapsulating the Redux State Tree**  
  http://randycoulman.com//blog/2016/09/13/encapsulating-the-redux-state-tree/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/09/20/redux-reducer-selector-asymmetry/  
  http://randycoulman.com/blog/2016/09/27/modular-reducers-and-selectors/  
  A blog series discussing approaches to encapsulating Redux data using selectors and other related approaches


#### UI and Widget Implementations

- **"How can I display a modal dialog in Redux?"**  
  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/35623656/how-can-i-display-a-modal-dialog-in-redux-that-performs-asynchronous-actions/35641680  
  Dan Abramov describes a great technique for descriptively managing React modal dialogs using Redux actions and state, by storing names of components and their props.

- **"Generic Modal Dialogs with Feature-Specific Actions"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/4wjmme/implement_a_confirm_modal_using_react_redux/d68ajcw?context=3  
  A follow-on to Dan's technique, with a short suggestion for using generic modal components in a variety of situations by including actions as props.
  
- **Implement a confirm modal using React & Redux**  
  http://jslancer.com/2016/08/07/implement-a-confirm-modal-using-react-redux/  
  Demonstrates wrapping up an existing modal library to be controlled by Redux actions
  
  
#### Other  
- **Two mistakes I made working with Redux**  
  http://www.mattzeunert.com/2016/06/01/redux-mistakes.html  
  Some suggestions on how to handle denormalizing data and defining actions.
  
- **React, Redux, and Redux-Form**  
  https://jokeyrhyme.github.io/2016/06/27/react-redux-redux-form.html  
  Thoughts on the merits of using the Redux-Form library
  
- **Real-World React and Redux**  
  https://dzone.com/articles/real-world-reactjs-and-redux-part-1  
  https://dzone.com/articles/real-world-reactjs-and-redux-part-2  
  A series of articles covering practical architecture lessons learned from building Redux apps, especially regarding use of custom middleware
  
- **Connecting the Linode API to Redux with Higher-Order Functions**  
  https://engineering.linode.com/2016/08/17/Using-metaprogramming-in-the-manager.html  
  Linode explains how they generate customized action creators and reducers to talk to different parts of their API
  
- **A Finite State Machine Helper for Redux**  
  https://hackernoon.com/a-finite-state-machine-helper-for-redux-c18519643719  
  Describes a small but useful library for managing state machines using Redux reducers.
  
- **Conversational sign-up form UI with React and Redux**  
  http://jsforallof.us/2016/09/08/conversational-sign-up-form-ui-with-react-and-redux/  
  An example of form management with Redux
  
- **Standard actions in Redux**  
  https://medium.com/@jtbennett/standard-actions-in-redux-c6a415c8aea4  
  A description of the Flux Standard Action specification, and how it can be used with Redux
  
  
#### Network Management

- **Ajax Polling in React with Redux and Sagas**  
  http://notjoshmiller.com/ajax-polling-in-react-with-redux/  
  http://notjoshmiller.com/ajax-polling-part-2-sagas/  
  Covers a couple different ways to manage the logic for AJAX polling.

- **Firebase with Redux**  
  https://medium.com/@prescottprue/firebase-with-redux-82d04f8675b9  
  Examples for combining Firebase into a Redux application
  
  
#### Variations on Redux Architectures

- **Redux Saga in Action**  
  https://medium.com/@totaldis/redux-saga-in-action-s-f7d11cffa35a  
  Some interesting thoughts on ways to organize the majority of your app's logic using redux-saga
  
- **Scalable Single-Page Application Architecture with Redux and Angular 2**  
  http://blog.mgechev.com/2016/04/10/scalable-javascript-single-page-app-angular2-application-architecture/  
  An in-depth article covering how to architect an application using Redux, Angular 2, and RxJS.  
  
- **redux-scuttlebutt; eventually consistent shared state among peers**  
  https://medium.com/@grrowl/redux-scuttlebutt-eventually-consistent-shared-state-among-peers-191d48102079  
  Describes how to use the Redux-Scuttlebutt library to sync actions and updates between multiple instances of a Redux application
  
- **Write Better Redux with redux-module-builder**  
  https://www.fullstackreact.com/articles/better-redux-module-management/  
  Describes how to use the utilities included in the redux-module-builder package to better organize a Redux application
  
- **The Elegance of React, Redux, and Ramda**  
  https://medium.com/javascript-inside/the-elegance-of-react-ebc21a2dcd19  
  Demonstrates ways to use Ramda to compose together React components and Redux behavior
  
- **Extreme Decoupling: React, Redux, Selectors**  
  http://www.thinkloop.com/article/extreme-decoupling-react-redux-selectors/  
  Discusses an API-first approach to splitting apart a Redux app into view, state, and integration layers.
  
- **Using React(-Native) with Redux and Redux Saga**  
  https://medium.com/@marcelschulze/using-react-native-with-redux-and-redux-saga-a-new-proposal-ba71f151546f  
  Description of a decoupled saga-based app structure, similar to that described in "Redux Saga in Action"
