tips-and-best-practices.md, before:

### Tips, Guidelines, and Best Practices

- **React Best Practices and Tips**  
  http://www.toptal.com/react/tips-and-practices  
  Several excellent guidelines for component structure and behavior

- **Smart and Dumb Components**  
  https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/smart-and-dumb-components-7ca2f9a7c7d0  
  Describes how to split components into two categories for separation of concerns and reusability

- **Redux Best Practices**  
  https://medium.com/lexical-labs-engineering/redux-best-practices-64d59775802e
  Guidelines for tools, component structure, file layout, and async data handling

- **"Redux Best Practices?"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/3p9o0j/redux_best_practices/  
  Short but good discussion on approaches.

- **Best Practices for Building Large React Applications**  
  http://blog.siftscience.com/blog/2015/best-practices-for-building-large-react-applications  
  Excellent advice for structuring components and improving reuse

- **Designing Simpler React Components**  
  https://medium.com/building-asana/designing-simpler-react-components-13a0061afd16  
  Tips on developing components for a scalable application, including using immutable data, pure functions, and some interesting suggestions on injecting data into components to improve separation of concerns.

Commit message:

Add "React-Redux Style Guide" link

tips-and-best-practices.md, after:

### Tips, Guidelines, and Best Practices

- **React Best Practices and Tips**  
  http://www.toptal.com/react/tips-and-practices  
  Several excellent guidelines for component structure and behavior

- **Smart and Dumb Components**  
  https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/smart-and-dumb-components-7ca2f9a7c7d0  
  Describes how to split components into two categories for separation of concerns and reusability

- **Redux Best Practices**  
  https://medium.com/lexical-labs-engineering/redux-best-practices-64d59775802e  
  Guidelines for tools, component structure, file layout, and async data handling

- **"Redux Best Practices?"**  
  https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/3p9o0j/redux_best_practices/  
  Short but good discussion on approaches.

- **Best Practices for Building Large React Applications**  
  http://blog.siftscience.com/blog/2015/best-practices-for-building-large-react-applications  
  Excellent advice for structuring components and improving reuse

- **Designing Simpler React Components**  
  https://medium.com/building-asana/designing-simpler-react-components-13a0061afd16  
  Tips on developing components for a scalable application, including using immutable data, pure functions, and some interesting suggestions on injecting data into components to improve separation of concerns.

- **React-Redux Style Guide**  
  https://github.com/ghengeveld/react-redux-styleguide  
  An opinionated style guide for developing applications in ES6+ with React and/or Redux.
